com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/DataBaseModule_ProvideUserDaoFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.DataBaseModule_ProvideUserDaoFactory
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/DataBaseModule_ProvideUserDataBaseFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.DataBaseModule_ProvideUserDataBaseFactory
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/MainActivityModule_ProvideFragmentManagerFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.MainActivityModule_ProvideFragmentManagerFactory
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/RepositoryModule_ProvideLoginRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.RepositoryModule_ProvideLoginRepositoryFactory
com/example/mvpproject/domain/Storage/UserDataBase_Impl.java
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDataBase_Impl
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDataBase_Impl$1
com/example/mvpproject/ui/registration/RegistrationContract$View$$State.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.registration.RegistrationContract$View$$State
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.registration.RegistrationContract$View$$State$CompleteRegistrationCommand
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.registration.RegistrationContract$View$$State$SetErrorCommand
com/example/mvpproject/domain/Storage/UserDao_Impl.java
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDao_Impl
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDao_Impl$1
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDao_Impl$2
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDao_Impl$3
 com.example.mvpproject.domain.Storage.UserDao_Impl$4
com/example/mvpproject/ui/registration/RegistrationPresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.registration.RegistrationPresenter$$ViewStateProvider
com/example/mvpproject/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.mvpproject.BuildConfig
com/example/mvpproject/databinding/FragmentMainBinding.java
 com.example.mvpproject.databinding.FragmentMainBinding
com/example/mvpproject/databinding/FragmentRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.mvpproject.databinding.FragmentRegistrationBinding
com/example/mvpproject/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.mvpproject.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/PresenterModule_ProvideRegistrationPresenterFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.PresenterModule_ProvideRegistrationPresenterFactory
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/PresenterModule_ProvideLoginPresenterFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.PresenterModule_ProvideLoginPresenterFactory
com/example/mvpproject/ui/login/LoginPresenter$$ViewStateProvider.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.login.LoginPresenter$$ViewStateProvider
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/RouterModule_ProvideNavigatorFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.RouterModule_ProvideNavigatorFactory
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/RouterModule_ProvideRouterFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.RouterModule_ProvideRouterFactory
com/example/mvpproject/ui/registration/RegistrationFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.registration.RegistrationFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/ApplicationModule_ProvidesApplicationContextFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.ApplicationModule_ProvidesApplicationContextFactory
com/example/mvpproject/ui/login/LoginFragment_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.login.LoginFragment_MembersInjector
com/example/mvpproject/ui/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/mvpproject/ui/login/LoginContract$View$$State.java
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.login.LoginContract$View$$State
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.login.LoginContract$View$$State$SetAuthErrorCommand
 com.example.mvpproject.ui.login.LoginContract$View$$State$SetStateCommand
com/example/mvpproject/databinding/FragmentLoginBinding.java
 com.example.mvpproject.databinding.FragmentLoginBinding
com/example/mvpproject/di/DaggerAppComponent.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.DaggerAppComponent
 com.example.mvpproject.di.DaggerAppComponent$1
 com.example.mvpproject.di.DaggerAppComponent$Builder
 com.example.mvpproject.di.DaggerAppComponent$MainSubcomponentFactory
 com.example.mvpproject.di.DaggerAppComponent$MainSubcomponentImpl
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/RouterModule_ProvideCiceroneFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.RouterModule_ProvideCiceroneFactory
com/example/mvpproject/di/modules/ApplicationModule_ProvidesApplicationFactory.java
 com.example.mvpproject.di.modules.ApplicationModule_ProvidesApplicationFactory
